docs: improve grpc third party client documentation (#5047)
jina-ai/jina: docs/fundamentals/client/client.md

# Client
{class}`~jina.Client` enables you to send Documents to a running {class}`~jina.Flow` in a number of different ways, as shown below.

Clients support four different networking protocols: **HTTP**, **gRPC**, **WebSocket** and **GraphQL**

For each of them, you first connect your Client to the API Gateway, before you can send requests to it.

```{hint}

> You want to connect to your Flow from an other programming language than Python ? Please follow the third party 
> client {ref}`documentation <third-party-client>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to connect to your Flow from a programming language other than Python, please follow the third party 
client {ref}`documentation <third-party-client>`.
```
